[to-do]

Chart Axis Relevancy : So now onto the final ui fix, 
In the Cash Deployment & Valuation History Section the value in the left side axis does not correspond or correlate to the value shown in the chart, it's like some values in the axis like 100k, 200k like that. But the actual real data is something else. So make the axis relatable to the fetched and display that accordingly. 
Step Up Indicator to be added 
alpha beta integrations (remember to add fallback for each feature added incase of network blockage)

show recorded stale data at valuation history instead of 0 

implement agentic model(
    live market data agent
    transaction cum holdings agent, 
    data agent,
    analytics agent,
    order(transaction) placing agent
    chart agents
    )
compare point to point data timeline holdings
also fix model response



integrate liquid cash holding
fetch-real-time--price viz yfinance
fetch rolling returns
add gsr ratio
add calcs agent
delete transaction Check via LLM. 



Explanation:
Implemented 7 specialized agents in 
backend/agent.py


Market Analyst: Handles real-time price queries with mock data fallback.
Portfolio Specialist: Summarizes holdings and investment stats.
Data Ingester: Ensures data consistency.
Analytics Agent: Performs risk and quantitative analysis.
Trading Agent: Executes orders and deletions.
Visual Agent: Formats data for frontend charts.
SQL Agent: Executes complex granular database queries.



[done]
1. analyze order history and fetch holdings at portfolio
(needs to be done systematically)
2. make a dedicated transaction page, where the user could see the entire order history -> also Add feature to filter to view only 
3. With that proper order_history current holdings needs to be displayed automatically.
4. Also DB la id laan cache ah irukanum
5. dynamic filter to be added at transaction page, [not needed explicit ah na pathukuren, db la irundhu direct ah query panikalam]
6. add geographical context 
7. add asset category(Equity(Stocks), Debt(Bonds, FD), Commodities, REITs, Cash)
8. format table headings accordingly also symbols to be added (Rs, %)
9. integrate MF holdings
10. Add scenario based like how 15%xirr(not a fixed, could be able to plot for any number given by user) would look in 20yr
11. update feb data (done)
12. add manual data adding feature (partially done) [test w/ new ticker]
13. add indian no system notations in XIRR projections